ion is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.UDATE: February 8, 2017 {Release at Will}On 2-6-17, Officers were dispatched to robbery with a
 weapon that occurred at the above listed address.  Upon arrival in the 
area they contacted the clerk who advised that 4 or 5 suspects entered 
the store with weapons and demanded money and product from the store.  
The suspects then left the area on foot with an undisclosed amount of 
money.  The clerk was not hurt during the incident.  This incident is 
possibly linked to the earlier robbery in the Falcon Division.  
Investigation is ongoing.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a robbery at a pharmacy 
in the 2400 block of North Union Boulevard. The suspect fled on foot 
prior to officers arrival. No one was injured in the incident. 
Detectives from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the 
investigation.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 12:31pm, officers from the
 Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a bank located within 
the 7100 block of North Academy Boulevard for a robbery. Upon arrival 
officers learned that an adult Hispanic male had robbed the bank and 
fled the scene on foot. No one was injured in the incident. Detectives 
from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the investigation.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a robbery at a pharmacy 
in the 2400 block of North Union Boulevard. The suspect fled on foot 
prior to officers arrival. No one was injured in the incident. 
Detectives from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the 
investigation.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 12:31pm, officers from the
 Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a bank located within 
the 7100 block of North Academy Boulevard for a robbery. Upon arrival 
officers learned that an adult Hispanic male had robbed the bank and 
fled the scene on foot. No one was injured in the incident. Detectives 
from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the investigation.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a robbery at a pharmacy 
in the 2400 block of North Union Boulevard. The suspect fled on foot 
prior to officers arrival. No one was injured in the incident. 
Detectives from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the 
investigation.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 12:31pm, officers from the
 Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a bank located within 
the 7100 block of North Academy Boulevard for a robbery. Upon arrival 
officers learned that an adult Hispanic male had robbed the bank and 
fled the scene on foot. No one was injured in the incident. Detectives 
from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the investigation.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a robbery at a pharmacy 
in the 2400 block of North Union Boulevard. The suspect fled on foot 
prior to officers arrival. No one was injured in the incident. 
Detectives from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the 
investigation.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 12:31pm, officers from the
 Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a bank located within 
the 7100 block of North Academy Boulevard for a robbery. Upon arrival 
officers learned that an adult Hispanic male had robbed the bank and 
fled the scene on foot. No one was injured in the incident. Detectives 
from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the investigation.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a robbery at a pharmacy 
in the 2400 block of North Union Boulevard. The suspect fled on foot 
prior to officers arrival. No one was injured in the incident. 
Detectives from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the 
investigation.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 12:31pm, officers from the
 Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a bank located within 
the 7100 block of North Academy Boulevard for a robbery. Upon arrival 
officers learned that an adult Hispanic male had robbed the bank and 
fled the scene on foot. No one was injured in the incident. Detectives 
from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the investigation.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a robbery at a pharmacy 
in the 2400 block of North Union Boulevard. The suspect fled on foot 
prior to officers arrival. No one was injured in the incident. 
Detectives from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the 
investigation.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 12:31pm, officers from the
 Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a bank located within 
the 7100 block of North Academy Boulevard for a robbery. Upon arrival 
officers learned that an adult Hispanic male had robbed the bank and 
fled the scene on foot. No one was injured in the incident. Detectives 
from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the investigation.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a robbery at a pharmacy 
in the 2400 block of North Union Boulevard. The suspect fled on foot 
prior to officers arrival. No one was injured in the incident. 
Detectives from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the 
investigation.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 12:31pm, officers from the
 Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a bank located within 
the 7100 block of North Academy Boulevard for a robbery. Upon arrival 
officers learned that an adult Hispanic male had robbed the bank and 
fled the scene on foot. No one was injured in the incident. Detectives 
from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the investigation.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a robbery at a pharmacy 
in the 2400 block of North Union Boulevard. The suspect fled on foot 
prior to officers arrival. No one was injured in the incident. 
Detectives from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the 
investigation.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 12:31pm, officers from the
 Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a bank located within 
the 7100 block of North Academy Boulevard for a robbery. Upon arrival 
officers learned that an adult Hispanic male had robbed the bank and 
fled the scene on foot. No one was injured in the incident. Detectives 
from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the investigation.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a robbery at a pharmacy 
in the 2400 block of North Union Boulevard. The suspect fled on foot 
prior to officers arrival. No one was injured in the incident. 
Detectives from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the 
investigation.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 12:31pm, officers from the
 Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a bank located within 
the 7100 block of North Academy Boulevard for a robbery. Upon arrival 
officers learned that an adult Hispanic male had robbed the bank and 
fled the scene on foot. No one was injured in the incident. Detectives 
from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the investigation.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a robbery at a pharmacy 
in the 2400 block of North Union Boulevard. The suspect fled on foot 
prior to officers arrival. No one was injured in the incident. 
Detectives from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the 
investigation.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 12:31pm, officers from the
 Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a bank located within 
the 7100 block of North Academy Boulevard for a robbery. Upon arrival 
officers learned that an adult Hispanic male had robbed the bank and 
fled the scene on foot. No one was injured in the incident. Detectives 
from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the investigation.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a robbery at a pharmacy 
in the 2400 block of North Union Boulevard. The suspect fled on foot 
prior to officers arrival. No one was injured in the incident. 
Detectives from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the 
investigation.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 12:31pm, officers from the
 Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a bank located within 
the 7100 block of North Academy Boulevard for a robbery. Upon arrival 
officers learned that an adult Hispanic male had robbed the bank and 
fled the scene on foot. No one was injured in the incident. Detectives 
from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the investigation.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a robbery at a pharmacy 
in the 2400 block of North Union Boulevard. The suspect fled on foot 
prior to officers arrival. No one was injured in the incident. 
Detectives from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the 
investigation.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 12:31pm, officers from the
 Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a bank located within 
the 7100 block of North Academy Boulevard for a robbery. Upon arrival 
officers learned that an adult Hispanic male had robbed the bank and 
fled the scene on foot. No one was injured in the incident. Detectives 
from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the investigation.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a robbery at a pharmacy 
in the 2400 block of North Union Boulevard. The suspect fled on foot 
prior to officers arrival. No one was injured in the incident. 
Detectives from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the 
investigation.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 12:31pm, officers from the
 Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a bank located within 
the 7100 block of North Academy Boulevard for a robbery. Upon arrival 
officers learned that an adult Hispanic male had robbed the bank and 
fled the scene on foot. No one was injured in the incident. Detectives 
from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the investigation.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a robbery at a pharmacy 
in the 2400 block of North Union Boulevard. The suspect fled on foot 
prior to officers arrival. No one was injured in the incident. 
Detectives from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the 
investigation.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 12:31pm, officers from the
 Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a bank located within 
the 7100 block of North Academy Boulevard for a robbery. Upon arrival 
officers learned that an adult Hispanic male had robbed the bank and 
fled the scene on foot. No one was injured in the incident. Detectives 
from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the investigation.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a robbery at a pharmacy 
in the 2400 block of North Union Boulevard. The suspect fled on foot 
prior to officers arrival. No one was injured in the incident. 
Detectives from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the 
investigation.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 12:31pm, officers from the
 Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a bank located within 
the 7100 block of North Academy Boulevard for a robbery. Upon arrival 
officers learned that an adult Hispanic male had robbed the bank and 
fled the scene on foot. No one was injured in the incident. Detectives 
from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the investigation.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a robbery at a pharmacy 
in the 2400 block of North Union Boulevard. The suspect fled on foot 
prior to officers arrival. No one was injured in the incident. 
Detectives from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the 
investigation.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 12:31pm, officers from the
 Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a bank located within 
the 7100 block of North Academy Boulevard for a robbery. Upon arrival 
officers learned that an adult Hispanic male had robbed the bank and 
fled the scene on foot. No one was injured in the incident. Detectives 
from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the investigation.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a robbery at a pharmacy 
in the 2400 block of North Union Boulevard. The suspect fled on foot 
prior to officers arrival. No one was injured in the incident. 
Detectives from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the 
investigation.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 12:31pm, officers from the
 Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a bank located within 
the 7100 block of North Academy Boulevard for a robbery. Upon arrival 
officers learned that an adult Hispanic male had robbed the bank and 
fled the scene on foot. No one was injured in the incident. Detectives 
from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the investigation.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a robbery at a pharmacy 
in the 2400 block of North Union Boulevard. The suspect fled on foot 
prior to officers arrival. No one was injured in the incident. 
Detectives from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the 
investigation.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 12:31pm, officers from the
 Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a bank located within 
the 7100 block of North Academy Boulevard for a robbery. Upon arrival 
officers learned that an adult Hispanic male had robbed the bank and 
fled the scene on foot. No one was injured in the incident. Detectives 
from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the investigation.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a robbery at a pharmacy 
in the 2400 block of North Union Boulevard. The suspect fled on foot 
prior to officers arrival. No one was injured in the incident. 
Detectives from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the 
investigation.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 12:31pm, officers from the
 Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a bank located within 
the 7100 block of North Academy Boulevard for a robbery. Upon arrival 
officers learned that an adult Hispanic male had robbed the bank and 
fled the scene on foot. No one was injured in the incident. Detectives 
from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the investigation.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a robbery at a pharmacy 
in the 2400 block of North Union Boulevard. The suspect fled on foot 
prior to officers arrival. No one was injured in the incident. 
Detectives from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the 
investigation.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 12:31pm, officers from the
 Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a bank located within 
the 7100 block of North Academy Boulevard for a robbery. Upon arrival 
officers learned that an adult Hispanic male had robbed the bank and 
fled the scene on foot. No one was injured in the incident. Detectives 
from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the investigation.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a robbery at a pharmacy 
in the 2400 block of North Union Boulevard. The suspect fled on foot 
prior to officers arrival. No one was injured in the incident. 
Detectives from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the 
investigation.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 12:31pm, officers from the
 Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a bank located within 
the 7100 block of North Academy Boulevard for a robbery. Upon arrival 
officers learned that an adult Hispanic male had robbed the bank and 
fled the scene on foot. No one was injured in the incident. Detectives 
from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the investigation.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a robbery at a pharmacy 
in the 2400 block of North Union Boulevard. The suspect fled on foot 
prior to officers arrival. No one was injured in the incident. 
Detectives from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the 
investigation.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 12:31pm, officers from the
 Colorado Springs Police Department responded to a bank located within 
the 7100 block of North Academy Boulevard for a robbery. Upon arrival 
officers learned that an adult Hispanic male had robbed the bank and 
fled the scene on foot. No one was injured in the incident. Detectives 
from the Robbery Unit responded and assumed the investigation.On 02-06-2017 at approximately 0327 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call from a convenience 
store in the 2200 block of Research Parkway.  The reporting party was 
the store clerk who said he had been robbed by four unknown individuals 
at gunpoint.  At least one of the suspects was armed with a shotgun.  
The suspects made off with an undisclosed amount of cash from the 
register and other retail items.On Friday, 02/03/2017, at 3:17pm, officers from the 
C