n 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/24/17, at 11:30pm approximately, a Pizza Hut 
delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint on Rangewood Drive and Austin 
Bluffs Parkway.   On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 block of N Academy Blvd in regards to an 
Aggravated Robbery. When officers arrived they contacted the victim who 
stated that two unknown black male suspects entered the business right 
before closing. One of the males had a handgun and demanded money from 
the victim. The suspect received an unknown amount of money before both 
suspects fled the business on foot. The suspects were described as 
suspect #1: black male, unknown age last seen wearing a black full face 
mask, black sweatshirt and black jeans. Suspect #2: black male unknown 
age last seen wearing a full face mask and black or blue jeans.On 01/23/17 at approximately 0046 hours, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a call for service reference
 a Robbery with a weapon at a fast food restaurant located in the 6000 
block of Constitution Avenue.  The responding officers were provided 
information that the suspect had displayed a firearm and fled on foot 
from the business with an undisclosed amount of money.  The suspect was 
described as a black male with his face covered. Officers searched the 
area but were unable to locate the suspect.  No injuries were reported 
and no arrests have been made.  The investigation is ongoing.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 1545 hours Officers 
with the Colorado Springs Police Department Stetson Hills Division were 
dispatched to the 3500 b