 the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On 01/16/2017 at approximately 11:40 PM, officers 
from the Gold Hill Division were dispatched to the 100 block of North 
Chestnut Street in regards to a Robbery with a weapon call. The Victim 
stated his vehicle ran out of gas and while adding gasoline to his 
vehicle another vehicle arrived with three suspects. The victim stated 
that one of the suspects exited the vehicle armed with a weapon and 
demanded money. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of money and fled
 the area in a vehicle. The suspects were described as three black 
males. At the time of this entry no arrests have been made. On 01/17/17 at approximately 0134 hours, officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a robbery of a local 
convenience store located on the 4300 block of S. Carefree Cir. Upon 
arrival on scene, the store clerk was contacted and reported that 4 
males all dressed in black entered into his store. One of the males was 
armed with a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. The suspects 
obtained an undetermined amount of money and other items of purchase 
from the convenience store. The suspects fled the convenience store on 
foot in an unknown direction. The suspects were described as two white 
males and two black males. At the time of this entry, no arrests have 
been made. On January 14, 2017 at approximately 8:54 PM, the 
Colorado Springs Police Department received a 911 call reference a 
robbery at the Diamond Shamrock located at 3290 Austin Bluffs Parkway.  
The reporting party was a customer in the store who was passed a note by
 the store clerk as she was leaving.  When the reporting party read the 
note in her vehicle the note indicated that a man with a gun was outside
 of the building and she was to play it cool, and not react.  The 
reporting party immediately called 911 and remained in the area to 
provide updated information from a safe distance.  The reporting party 
told the 911 call taker that the clerk was raising his hands in the air 
and gave a description of a male in the store as a possible suspect.  
The 911 call prompted a Code 3 emergency response from several Stetson 
Hills officers who quickly responded.   Upon police arrival the clerk 
immediately stated that he was bored and passed the note to the customer
 as a prank.   The store clerk was charged with False Reporting and 
released.  On the above date and time, Sand Creek officers were
 dispatched to a Robbery with a weapon in the 3000 block of Jet Wing Dr.
 While in route, dispatch aired that the suspects held the victim at gun
 point and later fled the area in an unknown direction. The victim 
states there were three to four suspects, dressed in all black and 
wearing scarfs and dark colored glasses. The victim said the suspects 
broke into the safe and took an unknown amount of cash. The victim also 
said the suspect took his wallet and cell phone. The victim did not see 
which direction the suspects fled, nor did he get a description of the 
suspects vehicle. Officers checked the area but were unable to locate 
the suspects. The investigation is ongoing at this time.On Friday, January 13, 2017, at approximately 0257 
hours, a call for service was received regarding a robbery that had just
 occurred at the Western Convenience store located in the 200 block of 
W. Fillmore St.  Investigation revealed a dark skinned black male, 
approximately 56 to 57, approximately 200 pounds, with a nearly 
shaved bald head, wearing a tan jacket and blue jeans entered the store 
and began to demand cigarettes.  When he was not immediately attended 
to, he displayed a handgun and demanded cigarettes as well as cash, 
which he took and left the store on foot.On the above date and time, Sand Creek officers were
 dispatched to a Robbery with a weapon in the 3000 block of Jet Wing Dr.
 While in route, dispatch aired that the suspects held the victim at gun
 point and later fled the area in an unknown direction. The victim 
states there were three to four suspects, dressed in all black and 
wearing scarfs and dark colored glasses. The victim said the suspects 
broke into the safe and took an unknown amount of cash. The victim also 
said the suspect took his wallet and cell phone. The victim did not see 
which direction the suspects fled, nor did he get a description of the 
suspects vehicle. Officers checked the area but were unable to locate 
the suspects. The investigation is ongoing at this time.On Friday, January 13, 2017, at approximately 0257 
hours, a call for service was received regarding a robbery that had just
 occurred at the Western Convenience store located in the 200 block of 
W. Fillmore St.  Investigation revealed a dark skinned black male, 
approximately 56 to 57, approximately 200 pounds, with a nearly 
shaved bald head, wearing a tan jacket and blue jeans entered the store 
and began to demand cigarettes.  When he was not immediately attended 
to, he displayed a handgun and demanded cigarettes as well as cash, 
which he took and left the store on foot.On the above date and time, Sand Creek officers were
 dispatched to a Robbery with a weapon in the 3000 block of Jet Wing Dr.
 While in route, dispatch aired that the suspects held the victim at gun
 point and later fled the area in an unknown direction. The victim 
states there were three to four suspects, dressed in all black and 
wearing scarfs and dark colored glasses. The victim said the suspects 
broke into the safe and took an unknown amount of cash. The victim also 
said the suspect took his wallet and cell phone. The victim did not see 
which direction the suspects fled, nor did he get a description of the 
suspects vehicle. Officers checked the area but were unable to locate 
the suspects. The investigation is ongoing at this time.On Friday, January 13, 2017, at approximately 0257 
hours, a call for service was received regarding a robbery that had just
 occurred at the Western Convenience store located in the 200 block of 
W. Fillmore St.  Investigation revealed a dark skinned black male, 
approximately 56 to 57, approximately 200 pounds, with a nearly 
shaved bald head, wearing a tan jacket and blue jeans entered the store 
and began to demand cigarettes.  When he was not immediately attended 
to, he displayed a handgun and demanded cigarettes as well as cash, 
which he took and left the store on foot.On the above date and time, Sand Creek officers were
 dispatched to a Robbery with a weapon in the 3000 block of Jet Wing Dr.
 While in route, dispatch aired that the suspects held the victim at gun
 point and later fled the area in an unknown direction. The victim 
states there were three to four suspects, dressed in all black and 
wearing scarfs and dark colored glasses. The victim said the suspects 
broke into the safe and took an unknown amount of cash. The victim also 
said the suspect took his wallet and cell phone. The victim did not see 
which direction the suspects fled, nor did he get a description of the 
suspects vehicle. Officers checked the area but were unable to locate 
the suspects. The investigation is ongoing at this time.On Friday, January 13, 2017, at approximately 0257 
hours, a call for service was received regarding a robbery that had just
 occurred at the Western Convenience store located in the 200 block of 
W. Fillmore St.  Investigation revealed a dark skinned black male, 
approximately 56 to 57, approximately 200 pounds, with a nearly 
shaved bald head, wearing a tan jacket and blue jeans entered the store 
and began to demand cigarettes.  When he was not immediately attended 
to, he displayed a handgun and demanded cigarettes as well as cash, 
which he took and left the store on foot.On the above date and time, Sand Creek officers were
 dispatched to a Robbery with a weapon in the 3000 block of Jet Wing Dr.
 While in route, dispatch aired that the suspects held the victim at gun
 point and later fled the area in an unknown direction. The victim 
states there were three to four suspects, dressed in all black and 
wearing scarfs and dark colored glasses. The victim said the suspects 
broke into the safe and took an unknown amount of cash. The victim also 
said the suspect took his wallet and cell phone. The victim did not see 
which direction the suspects fled, nor did he get a description of the 
suspects vehicle. Officers checked the area but were unable to locate 
the suspects. The investigation is ongoing at this time.On Friday, January 13, 2017, at approximately 0257 
hours, a call for service was received regarding a robbery that had just
 occurred at the Western Convenience store located in the 200 block of 
W. Fillmore St.  Investigation revealed a dark skinned black male, 
approximately 56 to 57, approximately 200 pounds, with a nearly 
shaved bald head, wearing a tan jacket and blue jeans entered the store 
and began to demand cigarettes.  When he was not immediately attended 
to, he displayed a handgun and demanded cigarettes as well as cash, 
which he took and left the store on foot.On the above date and time, Sand Creek officers were
 dispatched to a Robbery with a weapon in the 3000 block of Jet Wing Dr.
 While in route, dispatch aired that the suspects held the victim at gun
 point and later fled the area in an unknown direction. The victim 
states there were three to four suspects, dressed in all black and 
wearing scarfs and dark colored glasses. The victim said the suspects 
broke into the safe and took an unknown amount of cash. The victim also 
said the suspect took his wallet and cell phone. The victim did not see 
which direction the suspects fled, nor did he get a description of the 
suspects vehicle. Officers checked the area but were unable to locate 
the suspects. The investigation is ongoing at this time.On Friday, January 13, 2017, at approximately 0257 
hours, a call for service was received regarding a robbery that had just
 occurred at the Western Convenience store located in the 200 block of 
W. Fillmore St.  Investigation revealed a dark skinned black male, 
approximately 56 to 57, approximately 200 pounds, with a nearly 
shaved bald head, wearing a tan jacket and blue jeans entered the store 
and began to demand cigarettes.  When he was not immediately attended 
to, he displayed a handgun and demanded cigarettes as well as cash, 
which he took and left the store on foot.On the above date and time, Sand Creek officers were
 dispatched to a Robbery with a weapon in the 3000 block of Jet Wing Dr.
 While in route, dispatch aired that the suspects held the victim at gun
 point and later fled the area in an unknown direction. The victim 
states there were three to four suspects, dressed in all black and 
wearing scarfs and dark colored glasses. The victim said the suspects 
broke into the safe and took an unknown amount of cash. The victim also 
said the suspect took his wallet and cell phone. The victim did not see 
which direction the suspects fled, nor did he get a description of the 
suspects vehicle. Officers checked the area but were unable to locate 
the suspects. The investigation is ongoing at this time.On Friday, January 13, 2017, at approximately 0257 
hours, a call for service was received regarding a robbery that had just
 occurred at the Western Convenience store located in the 200 block of 
W. Fillmore St.  Investigation revealed a dark skinned black male, 
approximately 56 to 57, approximately 200 pounds, with a nearly 
shaved bald head, wearing a tan jacket and blue jeans entered the store 
and began to demand cigarettes.  When he was not immediately attended 
to, he displayed a handgun and demanded cigarettes as well as cash, 
which he took and left the store on foot.On the above date and time, Sand Creek officers were
 dispatched to a Robbery with a weapon in the 3000 block of Jet Wing Dr.
 While in route, dispatch aired that the suspects held the victim at gun
 point and later fled the area in an unknown direction. The victim 
states there were three to four suspects, dressed in all black and 
wearing scarfs and dark colored glasses. The victim said the suspects 
broke into the safe and took an unknown amount of cash. The victim also 
said the suspect took his wallet and cell phone. The victim did not see 
which direction the suspects fled, nor did he get a description of the 
suspects vehicle. Officers checked the area but were unable to locate 
the suspects. The investigation is ongoing at this time.On Friday, January 13, 2017, at approximately 0257 
hours, a call for service was received regarding a robbery that had just
 occurred at the Western Convenience store located in the 200 block of 
W. Fillmore St.  Investigation revealed a dark skinned black male, 
approximately 56 to 57, approximately 200 pounds, with a nearly 
shaved bald head, wearing a tan jacket and blue jeans entered the store 
and began to demand cigarettes.  When he was not immediately attended 
to, he displayed a handgun and demanded cigarettes as well as cash, 
which he took and left the store on foot.On the above date and time, Sand Creek officers were
 dispatched to a Robbery with a weapon in the 3000 block of Jet Wing Dr.
 While in route, dispatch aired that the suspects held the victim at gun
 point and later fled the area in an unknown direction. The victim 
states there were three to four suspects, dressed in all black and 
wearing scarfs and dark colored glasses. The victim said the suspects 
broke into the safe and took an unknown amount of cash. The victim also 
said the suspect took his wallet and cell phone. The victim did not see 
which direction the suspects fled, nor did he get a description of the 
suspects vehicle. Officers checked the area but were unable to locate 
the suspects. The investigation is ongoing at this time.On Friday, January 13, 2017, at approximately 0257 
hours, a call for service was received regarding a robbery that had just
 occurred at the Western Convenience store located in the 200 block of 
W. Fillmore St.  Investigation revealed a dark skinned black male, 
approximately 56 to 57, approximately 200 pounds, with a nearly 
shaved bald head, wearing a tan jacket and blue jeans entered the store 
and began to demand cigarettes.  When he was not immediately attended 
to, he displayed a handgun and demanded cigarettes as well as cash, 
which he took and left the store on foot.On the above date and time, Sand Creek officers were
 dispatched to a Robbery with a weapon in the 3000 block of Jet Wing Dr.
 While in route, dispatch aired that the suspects held the victim at gun
 point and later fled the area in an unknown direction. The victim 
states there were three to four suspects, dressed in all black and 
wearing scarfs and dark colored glasses. The victim said the suspects 
broke into the safe and took an unknown amount of cash. The victim also 
said the suspect took his wallet and cell phone. The victim did not see 
which direction the suspects fled, nor did he get a description of the 
suspects vehicle. Officers checked the area but were unable to locate 
the suspects. The investigation is ongoing at this time.On Friday, January 13, 2017, at approximately 0257 
hours, a call for service was received regarding a robbery that had just
 occurred at the Western Convenience store located in the 200 block of 
W. Fillmore St.  Investigation revealed a dark skinned black male, 
approximately 56 to 57, approximately 200 pounds, with a nearly 
shaved bald head, wearing a tan jacket and blue jeans entered the store 
and began to demand cigarettes.  When he was not immediately attended 
to, he displayed a handgun and demanded cigarettes as well as cash, 
which he took and left the store on foot.On the above date and time, Sand Creek officers were
 dispatched to a Robbery with a weapon in the 3000 block of Jet Wing Dr.
 While in route, dispatch aired that the suspects held the victim at gun
 point and later fled the area in an unknown direction. The victim 
states there were three to four suspects, dressed in all black and 
wearing scarfs and dark colored glasses. The victim said the suspects 
broke into the safe and took an unknown amount of cash. The victim also 
said the suspect took his wallet and cell phone. The victim did not see 
which direction the suspects fled, nor did he get a description of the 
suspects vehicle. Officers checked the area but were unable to locate 
the suspects. The investigation is ongoing at this time.On Friday, January 13, 2017, at approximately 0257 
hours, a call for service was received regarding a robbery that had just
 occurred at the Western Convenience store located in the 200 block of 
W. Fillmore St.  Investigation revealed a dark skinned black male, 
approximately 56 to 57, approximately 200 pounds, with a nearly 
shaved bald head, wearing a tan jacket and blue jeans entered the store 
and began to demand cigarettes.  When he was not immediately attended 
to, he displayed a handgun and demanded cigarettes as well as cash, 
which he took and left the store on foot.On the above date and time, Sand Creek officers were
 dispatched to a Robbery with a weapon in the 3000 block of Jet Wing Dr.
 While in route, dispatch aired that the suspects held the victim at gun
 point and later fled the area in an unknown direction. The victim 
states there were three to four suspects, dressed in all black and 
wearing scarfs and dark colored glasses. The victim said the suspects 
broke into the safe and took an unknown amount of cash. The victim also 
said the suspect took his wallet and cell phone. The victim did not see 
which direction the suspects fled, nor did he get a description of the 
suspects vehicle. Officers checked the area but were unable to locate 
the suspects. The investigation is ongoing at this time.On Friday, January 13, 2017, at approximately 0257 
hours, a call for service was received regarding a robbery that had just
 occurred at the Western Convenience store located in the 200 block of 
W. Fillmore St.  Investigation revealed a dark skinned black male, 
approximately 56 to 57, approximately 200 pounds, with a nearly 
shaved bald head, wearing a tan jacket and blue jeans entered the store 
and began to demand cigarettes.  When he was not immediately attended 
to, he displayed a handgun and demanded cigarettes as well as cash, 
which he took and left the store on foot.On the above date and time, Sand Creek officers were
 dispatched to a Robbery with a weapon in the 3000 block of Jet Wing Dr.
 While in route, dispatch aired that the suspects held the victim at gun
 point and later fled the area in an unknown direction. The victim 
states there were three to four suspects, dressed in all black and 
wearing scarfs and dark colored glasses. The victim said the suspects 
broke into the safe and took an unknown amount of cash. The victim also 
said the suspect took his wallet and cell phone. The victim did not see 
which direction the suspects fled, nor did he get a description of the 
suspects vehicle. Officers checked the area but were unable to locate 
the suspects. The investigation is ongoing at this time.On Friday, January 13, 2017, at approximately 0257 
hours, a call for service was received regarding a robbery that had just
 occurred at the Western Convenience store located in the 200 block of 
W. Fillmore St.  Investigation revealed a dark skinned black male, 
approximately 56 to 57, approximately 200 pounds, with a nearly 
shaved bald head, wearing a tan jacket and blue jeans entered the store 
and began to demand cigarettes.  When he was not immediately attended 
to, he displayed a handgun and demanded cigarettes as well as cash, 
which he took and left the store on foot.On the above date and time, Sand Creek officers were
 dispatched to a Robbery with a weapon in the 3000 block of Jet Wing Dr.
 While in route, dispatch aired that the suspects held the victim at gun
 point and later fled the area in an unknown direction. The victim 
states there were three to four suspects, dressed in all black and 
wearing scarfs and dark colored glasses. The victim said the suspects 
broke into the safe and took an unknown amount of cash. The victim also 
said the suspect took his wallet and cell phone. The victim did not see 
which direction the suspects fled, nor did he get a description of the 
suspects vehicle. Officers checked the area but were unable to locate 
the suspects. The investigation is ongoing at this time.On Friday, January 13, 2017, at approximately 0257 
hours, a call for service was received regarding a robbery that had just
 occurred at the Western Convenience store located in the 200 block of 
W. Fillmore St.  Investigation revealed a dark skinned black male, 
approximately 56 to 57, approximately 200 pounds, with a nearly 
shaved bald head, wearing a tan jacket and blue jeans entered the store 
and began to demand cigarettes.  When he was not immediately attended 
to, he displayed a handgun and demanded cigarettes as well as cash, 
which he took and left the store on foot.On the above date and time, Sand Creek officers were
 dispatched to a Robbery with a weapon in the 3000 block of Jet Wing Dr.
 While in route, dispatch aired that the suspects held the victim at gun
 point and later fled the area in an unknown direction. The victim 
states there were three to four suspects, dressed in all black and 
wearing scarfs and dark colored glasses. The victim said the suspects 
broke into the safe and took an unknown amount of cash. The victim also 
said the suspect took his wallet and cell phone. The victim did not see 
which direction the suspects fled, nor did he get a description of the 
suspects vehicle. Officers checked the area but were unable to locate 
the suspects. The investigation is ongoing at this time.On Friday, January 13, 2017, at approximately 0257 
hours, a call for service was received regarding a robbery that had just
 occurred at the Western Convenience store located in the 200 block of 
W. Fillmore St.  Investigation revealed a dark skinned black male, 
approximately 56 to 57, approximately 200 pounds, with a nearly 
shaved bald head, wearing a tan jacket and blue jeans entered the store 
and began to demand cigarettes.  When he was not immediately attended 
to, he displayed a handgun and demanded cigarettes as well as cash, 
which he took and left the store on foot.On the above date and time, Sand Creek officers were
 dispatched to a Robbery with a weapon in the 3000 block of Jet Wing Dr.
 While in route, dispatch aired that the suspects held the victim at gun
 point and later fled the area in an unknown direction. The victim 
states there were three to four suspects, dressed in all black and 
wearing scarfs and dark colored glasses. The victim said the suspects 
broke into the safe and took an unknown amount of cash. The victim also 
said the suspect took his wallet and cell phone. The victim did not see 
which direction the suspects fled, nor did he get a description of the 
suspects vehicle. Officers checked the area but were unable to locate 
the suspects. The investigation is ongoing at this time.On Friday, January 13, 2017, at approximately 0257 
hours, a call for service was received regarding a robbery that had just
 occurred at the Western Convenience store located in the 200 block of 
W. Fillmore St.  Investigation revealed a dark skinned black male, 
approximately 56 to 57, approximately 200 pounds, with a nearly 
shaved bald head, wearing a tan jacket and blue jeans entered the store 
and began to demand cigarettes.  When he was not immediately attended 
to, he displayed a handgun and demanded cigarettes as well as cash, 
which he took and left the store on foot.On the above date and time, Sand Creek officers were
 dispatched to a Robbery with a weapon in the 3000 block of Jet Wing Dr.
 While in route, dispatch aired that the suspects held the victim at gun
 point and later fled the area in an unknown direction. The victim 
states there were three to four suspects, dressed in all black and 
wearing scarfs and dark colored glasses. The victim said the suspects 
broke into the safe and took an unknown amount of cash. The victim also 
said the suspect took his wallet and cell phone. The victim did not see 
which direction the suspects fled, nor did he get a description of the 
suspects vehicle. Officers checked the area but were unable to locate 
the suspects. The investigation is ongoing at this time.On Friday, January 13, 2017, at approximately 0257 
hours, a call for service was received regarding a robbery that had just
 occurred at the Western Convenience store located in the 200 block of 
W. Fillmore St.  Investigation revealed a dark skinned black male, 
approximately 56 to 57, approximately 200 pounds, with a nearly 
shaved bald head, wearing a tan jacket and blue jeans entered the store 
and began to demand cigarettes.  When he was not immediately attended 
to, he displayed a handgun and demanded cigarettes as well as cash, 
which he took and left the store on foot.On the above date and time, Sand Creek officers were
 dispatched to a Robbery with a weapon in the 3000 block of Jet Wing Dr.
 While in route, dispatch aired that the suspects held the victim at gun
 point and later fled the area in an unknown direction. The victim 
states there were three to four suspects, dressed in all black and 
wearing scarfs and dark colored glasses. The victim said the suspects 
broke into the safe and took an unknown amount of cash. The victim also 
said the suspect took his wallet and cell phone. The victim did not see 
which direction the suspects fled, nor did he get a description of the 
suspects vehicle. Officers checked the area but were unable to locate 
the suspects. The investigation is ongoing at this time.On Friday, January 13, 2017, at approximately 0257 
hours, a call for service was received regarding a robbery that had just
 occurred at the Western Convenience store located in the 200 block of 
W. Fillmore St.  Investigation revealed a dark skinned black male, 
approximately 56 to 57, approximately 200 pounds, with a nearly 
shaved bald head, wearing a tan jacket and blue jeans entered the store 
and began to demand cigarettes.  When he was not immediately attended 
to, he displayed a handgun and demanded cigarettes as well as cash, 
which he took and left the store on foot.On the above date and time, Sand Creek officers were
 dispatched to a Robbery with a weapon in the 3000 block of Jet Wing Dr.
 While in route, dispatch aired that the suspects held the victim at gun
 point and later fled the area in an unknown direction. The victim 
states there were three to four suspects, dressed in all black and 
wearing scarfs and dark colored glasses. The victim said the suspects 
broke into the safe and took an unknown amount of cash. The victim also 
said the suspect took his wallet and cell phone. The victim did not see 
which direction the suspects fled, nor did he get a description of the 
suspects vehicle. Officers checked the area but were unable to locate 
the suspects. The investigation is ongoing at this time.On Friday, January 13, 2017, at approximately 0257 
hours, a call for service was received regarding a robbery that had just
 occurred at the Western Convenience store located in the 200 block of 
W. Fillmore St.  Investigation revealed a dark skinned black male, 
approximately 56 to 57, approximately 200 pounds, with a nearly 
shaved bald head, wearing a tan jacket and blue jeans entered the store 
and began to demand cigarettes.  When he was not immediately attended 
to, he displayed a handgun and demanded cigarettes as well as cash, 
which he took and left the store on foot.On the above date and time, Sand Creek officers were
 dispatched to a Robbery with a weapon in the 3000 block of Jet Wing Dr.
 While in route, dispatch aired that the suspects held the victim at gun
 point and later fled the area in an unknown direction. The victim 
states there were three to four suspects, dressed in all black and 
wearing scarfs and dark colored glasses. The victim said the suspects 
broke into the safe and took an unknown amount of cash. The victim also 
said the suspect took his wallet and cell phone. The victim did not see 
which direction the suspects fled, nor did he get a description of the 
suspects vehicle. Officers checked the area but were unable to locate 
the suspects. The investigation is ongoing at this time.On Friday, January 13, 2017, at approximately 0257 
hours, a call for service was received regarding a robbery that had just
 occurred at the Western Convenience store located in the 200 block of 
W. Fillmore St.  Investigation revealed a dark skinned black male, 
approximately 56 to 57, approximately 200 pounds, with a nearly 
shaved bald head, wearing a tan jacket and blue jeans entered the store 
and began to demand cigarettes.  When he was not immediately attended 
to, he displayed a handgun and demanded cigarettes as well as cash, 
which he took and left the store on foot.On the above date and time, Sand Creek officers were
 dispatched to a Robbery with a weapon in the 3000 block of Jet Wing Dr.
 While in route, dispatch aired that the suspects held the victim at gun
 point and later fled the area in an unknown direction. The victim 
states there were three to four suspects, dressed in all black and 
wearing scarfs and dark colored glasses. The victim said the suspects 
broke into the safe and took an unknown amount of cash. The victim also 
said the suspect took his wallet and cell phone. The victim did not see 
which direction the suspects fled, nor did he get a description of the 
suspects vehicle. Officers checked the area but were unable to locate 
the suspects. The investigation is ongoing at this time.On Friday, January 13, 2017, at approximately 0257 
hours, a call for service was received regarding a robbery that had just
 occurred at the Western Convenience store located in the 200 block of 
W. Fillmore St.  Investigation revealed a dark skinned black male, 
approximately 56 to 57, approximately 200 pounds, with a nearly 
shaved bald head, wearing a tan jacket and blue jeans entered the store 
and began to demand cigarettes.  When he was not immediately attended 
to, he displayed a handgun and demanded cigarettes as well as cash, 
which he took and left the store on foot.On the above date and time, Sand Creek officers were
 dispatched to a Robbery with a weapon in the 3000 block of Jet Wing Dr.
 While in route, dispatch aired that the suspects held the victim 