te and time, Officers were dispatched
 to a medical marijuana dispensary reference a burglary in progress.  
Investigation revealed two unknown suspects entered the business and 
took an unknown amount of merchandise.  Investigation is on-going.On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. On the above date and time a suspect entered a 
business in the 700 block of South 8th Street and demanded cash from an 
employee after threatening to shoot the employee.  The suspect fled 
westbound after receiving an undetermined amount of money and exiting 
the business.  Containment was established and a K-9 track was completed
 with negative results. At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled northbound on foot after receiving an 
undisclosed amount of money. On 4-17-17 at about 1339 hours, a White female 
entered The Family Dollar Store, loaded a cart and her large purse with 
items and used pepper spray to force her way out of the store.  She had 
the pepper spray ready and sprayed the clerk at the door.  The suspect 
then got into a gold colored van (YQR668) which was reported stolen 
yesterday.  The van was last seen south on Circle Dr.  Female was 
described as White, 20-30 years old, 5'7" brown hair with a tattoo on 
her right shoulder blade of an unknown name/word.On 4-17-17 at approximately 1400 hours, Officers 
from the Stetson Hills Division responded to a business robbery. The 
lone suspect entered the business and made a demand for cash. The 
suspect received an undisclosed amount of money then fled the area. The 
suspect was described as a White male in his twenties wearing dark 
colored clothes. No one was injured in this robbery.At the above date and time a white male entered a 
business in the 600 block of N. 19th St., Presented a note to the 
cashier demanding money and fled no