ery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On the above date and time officers of the Sand 
Creek Division were dispatched to the 4200 block of E Platte Ave on a 
reported business robbery. Information was received that a black male 
suspect had robbed the clerk of the store at gunpoint and took an 
undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect fled on foot prior to officers 
arrival and was not located at the time of this entry. The investigation
 is ongoing at this time.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at the store clerk while demanding money and 
cigarettes.  After receiving the requested items he fled from the area 
on foot through a number of closed businesses just south of the area the
 store.  The adult female store clerk was uninjured.  The suspect was 
described as a young black male, possibly in his twenties and he was 
wearing a bandana that covered his face.  Officers searched the 
surrounding area for the suspect but did not make contact.  The 
investigation is on-going.  The value of what was taken during this 
robbery has not been accurately totaled at the time of this release.On Friday morning, 03-24-17, at approximately 0239 
hours, a call for service was received from Memorial Hospital regarding a
 stabbing victim.  Officers responded and learned the victim, a 26 year 
old male, was in critical conditions from a stab wound to his leg.  
Officers were able to determine the incident occurred in the 100 block 
of E. Kiowa St. and they located blood at that location.  Further 
investigation revealed the victim had been robbed and stabbed by unknown
 suspect(s).Officers were dispatched to a robbery with a weapon 
at the Diamond Shamrock convenience store located at 4805 Barnes Road.  
The preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect entered the 
business pointing a gun at