On 03-19-17, at approximately 2051 hours, Officer 
Jergens, 5711 and Officer DelCore, 5105, were dispatched to the area of 
southbound I-25 and Exit 139 in reference a check the welfare call for 
service.  The reporting party saw a flame coming from a male subject 
holding an unknown item.  When Officer Jergens arrived in the area he 
observed the grass on the west side of southbound I-25 just north of 
Exit 139 on fire.  The fire burned an area of approximately 30 feet by 
10 feet and was actively burning. Officers notified CSFD and Officer 
Jergens used his fire extinguisher to control the fire until CSFD 
arrived on scene. Officer Del Core located the suspect nearby and 
determined there was PC to place the suspect under arrest for, SECOND 
DEGREE ARSON, and SETTING FIRE TO WOODS/PRAIRIES.On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Sunday, March 19, 2017 at approximately 0443 
hours, Patrol Officers from the Falcon Division were dispatched to a 
business located in the 4600 block of Rusina Rd., to a reported 
disturbance.  When Officers arrived they learned two male suspects, both
 carrying large portable fire extinguishers, had entered the business 
and harassed employees while discharging the fire extinguishers.  While 
Officers were investigating the initial disturbance, the suspects 
targeted several more nearby businesses by entering and discharging the 
fire extinguishers.  A total of six businesses were targeted during this
 criminal occurrence.  Two employees working at a drive through window 
were sprayed directly with the fire extinguishers.  The two suspects, 19
 year old Trevor Rather and a 17 year old juvenile accomplice were 
located during the follow up investigation.  Both parties were arrested 
for multiple counts of Harassment and Theft.  CSFD personnel confirmed 
to the investigating Officers and victims alike that the chemicals 
discharged from the two fire extinguishers that were used were not toxic
 or acutely harmful.  On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Wednesday March 8th, Officers with the Colorado 
Springs Police Department Homeless Outreach Team were checking on a 
report of an illegal camp in the area of 1100 East Rio Grande Street. 
They located the camp and attempted to make contact with any occupants 
of the tent. They contacted a male who initially provided them a false 
name. The officers continued to investigate the males identity and 
later discovered that he had in fact provided a false name to them. The 
male was discovered to have an outstanding felony warrant for his arrest
 from the Colorado Department of Corrections. The male was transported 
to CJC and was booked on the warrant. It was later discovered that the 
male was in possession of suspected cocaine. He was charged with 
Introducing Contraband into the detention facility. On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On Saturday, March 04, 2017 Patrol Officers from the
 Falcon Division were dispatched to the 5200 block of N. Academy Blvd. 
to reports of a male in a business parking lot pointing a firearm at 
unsuspecting citizens.  Further reports indicated the male had entered 
one of the retail stores prior to Police arrival.  When Officers arrived
 on scene, they did find the male suspect inside a retail store, and he 
was detained without incident.  The male was found to be in possession 
of a simulated firearm.  The male suspect, identified as 32 year old 
Tyler Fengler, was arrested for Felony Menacing, Impersonating a Peace 
Officer, and Unlawfully Concealing a Weapon.  There were no injuries 
reported and no shots were fired during this occurrence.  On 03-03-2017 Sand Creek Officers Rutter and Colburn
 went to 2010 Carmel Dr. to try and contact a Felony Domestic Violence 
suspect. Upon arrival they found the victim of the Domestic Violence 
assault present. The victim allowed officers into her residence and told
 them the suspect was hiding in an open bedroom. Officers made several 
announcements for the suspect to exit the room. The suspect did not 
follow orders. On the above date and time, the Colorado Springs 
Police Dept was notified of a suicidal party who was wanted and in 
possession of a firearm.  Officers located the individual, identified as
 43 year old Gregory Meister, in a vehicle in the 400 block of Valley Hi
 Cr.  Containment was setup around the vehicle and verbal commands were 
given to him to exit.  After approximately 20 minutes, Meister exited 
the vehicle and was taken into custody without further incident.  
Meister was wanted on a warrant out of Florida and was found to be in 
possession of a firearm and narcotics.  Meister was also found to be a 
previously convicted felon.  He was taken to jail on multiple felony 
violations.On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On 02/26/2017 at 0759 hours the Colorado Springs 
Police Department received a call for a motor vehicle theft in progress.
  A description of the vehicle was put out to officers city wide in an 
attempt to locate it.  Soon after that, the vehicle was located by 
officers in the Gold Hill Division.  An attempt to stop the vehicle was 
made resulting in the suspect failing to stop and eluding officers at a 
high rate of speed. The suspect was later seen at several different 
locations in both the Gold Hill and Sand Creek Divisions.  A second 
pursuit occurred in the Sand Creek Division which was terminated due to 
the suspects dangerous driving behavior.  Officers then set up 
surveillance in an area where stolen vehicles are known to be left.  The
 stolen vehicle soon arrived with the suspect parking and locking the 
vehicle. The suspect began to walk away as officers moved in to arrest 
him and a foot chase began. Other officers, who had positioned 
themselves throughout the area, closed in and took the juvenile suspect 
into custody without further incident.  All officers involved did a 
great job communicating and coordinating as a team which resulted in the
 arrest of the suspect, the recovery of two stolen vehicles, as well as 
possible leads to more. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On Sunday, 02/19/2017, at 10:49pm, the Colorado 
Springs Police Department received a call for service reference a 
robbery with a weapon at a business located in the 3400 block of North 
Academy Boulevard. A short time later another robbery occurred at 
another business in the 1400 block of North Academy Boulevard. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 02/08/2017, at 0100 CSPD Patrol officers as well 
as the Colorado Springs Fire Department responded to a homeless camp 
northwest of Dorchester Park. Upon arrival officers located a transient 
female who had been involved in a verbal altercation with a male suspect
 identified as WAYNE MALONE (45 YOA). Mr. Malone left the area for a 
short time and returned later and threw a large rock on top of the tent 
barely missing the occupants. He left the area for a short time and 
returned again and threw flaming debris on top of the victim's tent in 
an attempt to light it on fire while the victim was inside. Mr. Malone 
and the victim were then involved in a physical disturbance where Mr. 
Malone continued to try to light the tent on fire with a lighter. Mr. 
Malone then left the area. Responding officers attempted to locate Mr. 
Malone but were unsuccessful and a felony pickup for arson and attempted
 assault charges was placed. On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/31/2017 at 0959 hours  Officers  responded to a
 local business located in the 800 block of South Wahsatch Ave in 
reference to an employee threatening other employees with a hand gun.  
The suspect fled the scene prior to the officers arrival.  After 
officers left the scene the suspect returned. The business manager again
 called 911 and officers responded. Officers  Apodoca and Puga  saw the 
suspect vehicle as he attempted to flee the  scene on Nevada Ave.  The 
suspect encountered heavy  traffic and abandoned his vehicle near Nevada
 Ave and Rio Grande Ave.  He fled on foot in the area. After a short 
foot chase the suspect was apprehended by Officer Puga in the 800 block 
of South Tejon St.*** UPDATE TO 01-30-2017 MEDIA RELEASE ***On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01/22/2017 at approximately 10:53 PM, Gold Hill 
Officer Mariano was patrolling his assigned area, when he located a 
stolen vehicle in a motel parking lot. While conducting his 
investigation, he learned that a wanted suspect, identified as Jessie 
Gianni was inside one of the motel rooms. Several Gold Hill officers 
along with the assistance of Canine Officers responded and quickly set 
up containment. Mr. Gianni eventually exited the motel room and was 
taken into custody.On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on the residence. Pickett realized he was surrounded 
and exited the front door to the residence and surrendered peacefully. 
No injuries were sustained by citizens, officers or Mr. Pickett. On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on the residence. Pickett realized he was surrounded 
and exited the front door to the residence and surrendered peacefully. 
No injuries were sustained by citizens, officers or Mr. Pickett. On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on the residence. Pickett realized he was surrounded 
and exited the front door to the residence and surrendered peacefully. 
No injuries were sustained by citizens, officers or Mr. Pickett. On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on the residence. Pickett realized he was surrounded 
and exited the front door to the residence and surrendered peacefully. 
No injuries were sustained by citizens, officers or Mr. Pickett. On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on the residence. Pickett realized he was surrounded 
and exited the front door to the residence and surrendered peacefully. 
No injuries were sustained by citizens, officers or Mr. Pickett. On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on the residence. Pickett realized he was surrounded 
and exited the front door to the residence and surrendered peacefully. 
No injuries were sustained by citizens, officers or Mr. Pickett. On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on the residence. Pickett realized he was surrounded 
and exited the front door to the residence and surrendered peacefully. 
No injuries were sustained by citizens, officers or Mr. Pickett. On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on the residence. Pickett realized he was surrounded 
and exited the front door to the residence and surrendered peacefully. 
No injuries were sustained by citizens, officers or Mr. Pickett. On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on the residence. Pickett realized he was surrounded 
and exited the front door to the residence and surrendered peacefully. 
No injuries were sustained by citizens, officers or Mr. Pickett. On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on the residence. Pickett realized he was surrounded 
and exited the front door to the residence and surrendered peacefully. 
No injuries were sustained by citizens, officers or Mr. Pickett. On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on the residence. Pickett realized he was surrounded 
and exited the front door to the residence and surrendered peacefully. 
No injuries were sustained by citizens, officers or Mr. Pickett. On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on the residence. Pickett realized he was surrounded 
and exited the front door to the residence and surrendered peacefully. 
No injuries were sustained by citizens, officers or Mr. Pickett. On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on the residence. Pickett realized he was surrounded 
and exited the front door to the residence and surrendered peacefully. 
No injuries were sustained by citizens, officers or Mr. Pickett. On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on the residence. Pickett realized he was surrounded 
and exited the front door to the residence and surrendered peacefully. 
No injuries were sustained by citizens, officers or Mr. Pickett. On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on the residence. Pickett realized he was surrounded 
and exited the front door to the residence and surrendered peacefully. 
No injuries were sustained by citizens, officers or Mr. Pickett. On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on the residence. Pickett realized he was surrounded 
and exited the front door to the residence and surrendered peacefully. 
No injuries were sustained by citizens, officers or Mr. Pickett. On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on the residence. Pickett realized he was surrounded 
and exited the front door to the residence and surrendered peacefully. 
No injuries were sustained by citizens, officers or Mr. Pickett. On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on the residence. Pickett realized he was surrounded 
and exited the front door to the residence and surrendered peacefully. 
No injuries were sustained by citizens, officers or Mr. Pickett. On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on the residence. Pickett realized he was surrounded 
and exited the front door to the residence and surrendered peacefully. 
No injuries were sustained by citizens, officers or Mr. Pickett. On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on the residence. Pickett realized he was surrounded 
and exited the front door to the residence and surrendered peacefully. 
No injuries were sustained by citizens, officers or Mr. Pickett. On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on the residence. Pickett realized he was surrounded 
and exited the front door to the residence and surrendered peacefully. 
No injuries were sustained by citizens, officers or Mr. Pickett. On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on the residence. Pickett realized he was surrounded 
and exited the front door to the residence and surrendered peacefully. 
No injuries were sustained by citizens, officers or Mr. Pickett. On 01-22-17 at approximately 0040 hours Officers 
Rutter-4922 and Colburn-5133 were patrolling the area of the 3000 block 
of Starlight Circle looking for criminal activity between calls for 
service. Officer Rutter observed a male he recognized as Isaiah Pickett 
sitting in a parked vehicle. Isaiah Pickett was wanted on a felony 
Arrest Warrant for several charges. Officers approached the vehicle to 
contact Pickett. Upon seeing officers, Pickett exited the vehicle and 
ran. Officer Rutter and Colburn followed Pickett while directing 
officers into the area for containment. Unable to out run Officers 
Rutter and Colburn, Pickett tried to escape capture by running into a 
residence. Sand Creek officers with the assistance of CSPD K9 officers 
set up containment on 